
=== STANFORD UNIVERSITY   ===
=== Research Consent Form ===

Protocol Director: Dan Boneh and Henry Corrigan-Gibbs
Protocol Title: Usability Study of Cryptographic Software Tools


DESCRIPTION:  You are invited to participate in a research study on the
usability of cryptographic libraries and on how API design affects the sort of
mistakes that programmers typically make. If you agree to participate in this
study, you will complete the normal CS255 course project. Afterwards, we will
use the collected source code to understand how to design better cryptographic
APIs. Whether or not you volunteer to participate in the study, you will
complete the same CS255 project.

TIME INVOLVEMENT:  Since participation in the study will consist of completing
the standard CS255 programming project, participation should take no longer
than is required for the course assignment (10-15 hours).

RISKS AND BENEFITS:  There are no foreseeable risks associated with this study.
There are no tangible benefits you will receive from participating in this
study either, other than the knowledge that you have participated in exciting
computer security research. Your decision whether or not to participate in this
study will not affect your grade in CS255.

ELIGIBILITY: You must be at least 18 years old to participate in the study.
  
PAYMENT:  You will receive no payment for your participation in this study. 

PARTICIPANT'S RIGHTS:  If you have read this form and have decided to
participate in this project, please understand your participation is voluntary
and you have the right to withdraw your consent or discontinue participation at
any time without penalty or loss of benefits to which you are otherwise
entitled.  The alternative is not to participate. If you opt out of
participation, you will still be required to complete the programming
project for the course. The results of this research study may be presented
at scientific or professional meetings or published in scientific journals.  

CONTACT INFORMATION: 
Questions: If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about this
research, its procedures, risks and benefits, contact the Protocol Director,
Henry Corrigan-Gibbs at (510) 717-1116 or henrycg@stanford.edu. 

Independent Contact:  If you are not satisfied with how this study is being
conducted, or if you have any concerns, complaints, or general questions about
the research or your rights as a participant, please contact the Stanford
Institutional Review Board (IRB) to speak to someone independent of the
research team at (650) 723-2480 or toll free at (866) 680-2906.  You can also
write to the Stanford IRB, Stanford University, MC 5579, Palo Alto, CA 94304.


By signing this form, you certify that you are at least 18 years old as of
today's date. The electronic copy of this signed and dated consent form is 
yours to keep.

Please fill out the following information. Each one of your team members
should submit a separate signed copy of this form. 

  You may use my source code 
  in your research study [Yes/No]   : Yes

  SIGNATURE (Type your name)        : Jennifer Farman
  DATE                              : 03/10/15

